The Joe Rogan experience. I wanted to come. I wanted to tell you, I got,
I got beef with Malcolm Gladwell. Really? You spoke to him,
you need to connect us. What do you have.
Beef with them about?
I love him. Right? Listen, listen to his stuff all the time.
And then he, uh,
he did something with some guy and I think he was a little tipsy,
but he was talking about how he could do stand up. Doing stand up is easy.
He really said that. He said, I want to send you the clip. Oh.
And I just want to be like, Malcolm, come on fam. He said that. Yeah.
Or something. I have to find it. He was like doing standup. It's nothing. But,
and he intellectualized it.
It's a certain set of thing in the room with people drinking.
And he tried to like, and I want him to feel it, like I want him to. And so.
That's like a guy who watches a fight and thinks I'll that.
And when he said that, I was like, Malcolm, you come on man.
And it's like, like I couldn't watch him anymore. I was like so angry. And uh,
and I, I watched a few clips of him here and I was like, man, I miss Malcolm.
But, uh, he needs to know you can't be.
If it's really said that, he's he just, he.
Doesn't.
Know. It might just not understand what it is, but.
I want him to, I want him to out, like,
I want to take him to a black room or him like the realist.
You know what I mean? Go do your thing, man.
I might as well see it. Just see him bomb. Just feel it. Cause you just crackle.
Feel the heat coming off his body.
Yeah. Yeah. Yes.
I mean, it's like, to me, it was like, man,
you wrote a book about 10,000 hours and you sitting there going, I can do this.
It's like, come on, man. Don't do that.
It seems like,
but this is what I've been saying about standing for awhile is that if you talk
to someone, they, a lot of people have been funny in their life.
Most people said something funny or everyone can talk. Right.
So all you're doing up there is talking and you say something funny.
It seems like I can do it. Yeah.
Yeah. But you're, you're talking and saying something funny.
The people who know you and love you and know your quirks and your ticks and all
that stuff.
You're in front of strangers who may or may not be in that audience.
That's the difference, Jean? I don't know if you've ever seen this,
but there's a lot of people that are maybe podcasters or they do other
things. And then they're doing standup. Occasionally their crowd. Yes.
And they think, yeah, they're doing good standup.
But then they'll go on in the store and they'll get sandwiched into a lineup in
the, or of murderers. And then it's a glee.
It gets ugly because reality sets in because if they're all there
to see you and they're all your fans and they paid money to hear you talk,
they just want to see you like, Hey, there's the guy from the show.
Yay. And they probably never been in the.
Comedy club.
So if Malcolm is doing these speeches and he's doing these speeches in front of
these large audiences, he's probably said some funny things.
So he probably thinks that he can do stand up.
But when he got, I was like, ah, man, I need, I need, I need this.
I need to find dude, I need to talk.
It's not one it's. I don't think people understand what it is. It's a weird,
it's a very weird art form because I don't,
I think it's only truly appreciated by people who've done it.
Like truly appreciate it in terms of what's actually happening. Yeah.
And it took me years to realize that what was going on when you're killing
is a sort of a form of hypnosis. There's a, the ma the,
the audience is letting you into their mind and they're letting you think for
them. That's why when you have clunky or you blow yourself up, or you,
you have a distorted perception of yourself, or you have too many words,
it's like annoying. It's frustrating. It's hard for people to absorb.
You lose some of that grip that you have on them.
But when someone has an economy of words and they lock in and their
jokes are tight, and then they keep going and going, you're lost.
You're lost in their thoughts. You just let those people carry. I love it.
And then my favorite thing is to sit in the audience and loves someone kill it.
I just go along with them. Like, ah, it's so fun. It's so fun.
But to break that down to just sentences and words, and you say this,
and you say that it's not, that there's so much more to it.
There's so many elements. That's basically back to Malcolm Gladwell, man,
Malcolm, you're crazy. You in these comedy streets for him.
Malcolm, I'll pull you up. I want them to go right after
Or even.
Uglier. Oh my gosh. Yeah. I was like, oh God,
like for real, as my wife, like, I couldn't, I can't,
I couldn't listen to him for a minute. And that was my man,
because he had these podcasts when he was dissecting stuff. And you know.
He's a brilliant guy. Fantastic.
Sometimes brilliant people overestimate their perceptions. They, they,
they overestimate their, their ability to break something down. Yes. I mean,
I've had conversations with people about fighting that way, where people say,
Hey, if anybody ever came out to me, I would do this. And then I would do that.
Like they say that in my, oh, okay. This is, uh, it's hard for me to hear.
I'm just going to let you talk because really I want to just tackle you right
now. Chose the light.
Down here. I wasn't ready. I wasn't.
Ready. But people have this idea.
Cause the person moves in a way that's similar to the way that they can move.
They think I can do that. I lift weights. I'll that guy up.
They have these ideas and they think, oh, he's out there talking.
I'm a brilliant guy. I'm smarter than them. I understand things. I write.
I'm always performing because I'm always talking about this. I stand up.
It'd be easy.
I literally yelled. I was at Malcolm. What did I do to you take so personal?
Like, why are you taking my big man?
I criticized them. I didn't have to hear his exact quote.
I got to send it to you. Have we found it? He was.
Feeling sorry. It's him. And another guy.
He was talking about jobs that are really hard. And he picked standup comedy.
And there's a couple of quotes that guide defended stand up comedy very.
Well. It seems like,
but is this something that you and I couldn't figure out where.
Where exactly was it on somebody else's post the podcast.
It did somewhere like an interview.
Okay. So you saw it in quotes, right? Right. Yeah. Can I see the quotes?
It wasn't very fit. Wasn't very.
Clear. Oh, okay. So, but basically give me your synopsis of it. Then.
He thought people were too drunk. So it was really easy. Like it was,
the room was set up for them. They're coming to see them. So it's easier.
He just doesn't know like he's guys a very like singular.
He must've been like one or two standup shows and just like, oh wow.
He's right. Sometimes though. He's right.
Sometimes we've all seen shells where people are laughing at. I didn't.
Wanna, I didn't wanna hear it from him. Right?
Well,
it was a show and you went on Jessel.
Nick went on and Diaz, maybe Louis CK dropped.
Right? Dave Chappelle did 10 minutes there.
Good luck. Not having a heart attack.
All right. Go have fun, man. Go, go, go.
But he's also right in that we've all seen mediocre thoughts
get passed off and the audience laughs like there's certain clubs.
I don't want to mention any names,
but you can go to them any night of the week in Burbank or in north Hollywood.
And you can see locations, dog, comedy and people are laughing.
They're laughing. And it's like real clunky.
Low rent. What if that's the only, that's where he was like in those rooms,
it could be.
He was straight. But I mean,
this is a difference between talking about any sport,
right?
You could watch someone do it poorly on a playground or you could watch someone
do it exquisitely as a professional and he'd go, oh, oh, here it is.
Gladwell stated comedians deal with people in a tightly controlled setting.
And that he can not imagine an easier set of circumstances for navigating a
social situation. And that of a standup comedian, they go to Vegas,
they go to the comedy cellar, they control their environments, man. I was like,
this, this is what is this article? That's a on it.
What's it from Malcolm Gladwell fails standup comedy one-on-one yes. So.
Wrote that. See that's how I.
Was it, uh, was the person who wrote it
was have their name anywhere. I had it.
Really? The guy is the.com. Nathan timmel.com.
Nathan. Yeah. Well he's right. Yeah. That's right. Yeah.
I mean he's in Malcolm's right. In a sense. He's right. In a sense.
But he doesn't understand is there's a mind wrestling that's going on
before you actually go and do that and to sort of
diminish the difficulty of that. It just shows that you haven't done it.
That's what it felt like.
Yeah. And so I was like, I can't listen to this. Cause I couldn't, I couldn't.
Cause he said it in the same exact voice, he says everything else.
And so when he's breaking down something that I really want to.
Hear him dissect. He's so brilliant in so many different ways. I couldn't.
Shake it. I was like, ah.
Yeah. That 10,000 hour. Yeah. He wrote outliers. Right? That's him, right? Yes.
Yeah. That, that book is amazing. It talks about the Beatles and how the beat,
like people think the Beatles came out of nowhere.
Those did thousands and thousands of shows that's what's up, it's just numbers.
It's numbers and concentration and focus.
And just that being what you really want. It's not just numbers.
It's numbers of like passion, numbers of focus. Yeah. Yeah.
He's wrong. He's wrong. But I get it.
I get why he thinks that it's it is a tightly controlled environment,
but it's so easy to bomb in that tightly controlled environment. He has no idea.